# Noise-Cancellation-System-For-Piano
We started off by importing the necessary libraries and defining ‘t’ as we were asked to.
Secondly, we picked a song that we wanted to recreate, looked up its notes on piano, and created an array ‘notes’ where all we inserted all the frequencies of the respective notes.
Thirdly, we defined two variables ‘sum’ and ‘count’ then we constructed a for loop that’ll pass on all the elements in the array ‘notes’. We defined two unitstep functions (one starts at the start of the note and the other at the end of the note) then we increased the ‘count’ by 0.35 (to separate each note from the preceding one ) then we subtracted the unitstep functions from each other using logical_xor so that the array be true for the whole desired duration.
Finally, we defined ‘x’ (which represents a single note) using the formula written in the description. Then we plotted ‘x’ and add it to the sum and the loop did the same for the rest of the notes. At last, when we finally got the sum of all the notes we called sd.play with the sum and the desired time
We started by setting the number of samples and the frequency axis range accordingly. Secondly we transformed the song to frequency domain by using the function fft(), and plotted the song before and after Fourier Transformation (in time domain and in frequency domain). Thirdly, we generated noise time signal by picking two random frequencies from range 0 to B/2. Fourthly, we added the generated noise to the song in time domain then we transformed the addition to frequency domain and plotted the song with noise in both domains. Fifthly, we created an empty array and got the amplitude of the song in frequency domain by “round(max(x_f)” and saved it in a variable named “max”, then we looped on the song with noise frequency signal by passing by every frequency on frequency axis by “for i in
range(len(songxnoise_f))” and getting the corresponding amplitude by “round(songxnoise_f[I])”, then we compare this amplitude to the “max” and if it’s higher we add it to the array “index” to save the frequency at which the peaks occur. Finally, we removed the tones corresponding to the found frequencies “round(f[index[0]]) && round(f[index[1]])” to filter the song from noise, then we plotted the filtered song in time and frequency domains, then we played the filtered song “sd.play(filteredsong,3.94*1024).”
